physically I never really had to push
myself that hard and stamina wise you're
like oh my god
it's like a psychological thing of
knowing that you can do it more and more
and more daizy is training for a moment
where she is on the islands and she has
a moment to herself and she's practicing
with the staff and then she realizes
what am I wasting my time practicing
with the staff I have Luke Skywalker's
lightsaber in my satchel
it's just working out the moves for that
action
[Music]
I was a planning teacher her the whole
thing in three days but she surprisingly
then everything in an hour half she is a
very quick learner
this is the hardest physical thing I've
done yet
the suit can be very restrictive just to
move in just to walk in you do the move
and you think gosh is it lunchtime yet
finem phasma end up face-to-face which
results in a major pipe one thing I
didn't want to do is do the whole fight
by myself was a really good scene to
shoot very tiring
what was cool was learning different
types of fighting it was intense and fun
but really hard training yesterday was
great and then today we start a Naja so
yeah I was watching out him and he gives
it so fun out every single time I mean
it was kind of like oh my god I can do
that I can do that
it's just rigorous in a great way and
these stunt guys are very disciplined so
you can't have asset
the spawn tema absolutely amazing they
let my boys and us
[Music]